Add reporting ID capabilities in PatternedCartesianMeshGenerator and deprecate reporting ID mesh generators (reactor module) (#23225)
idaholab/moose: modules/reactor/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/HexIDPatternedMeshGenerator.md

# HexIDPatternedMeshGenerator

> This postprocessor is deprecated. Please use a [PatternedHexMeshGenerator.md].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mesh generator is deprecated. Please use a [PatternedHexMeshGenerator.md].
```
